## v1.0.0 - 2022-10-18

Breaking changes included.
Read the impact before upgrading, in case you are actually using one of these minimally imported packages.

If you are upgrading, this should be a very minor change in your magefiles set-up.

The removal of some packages to `.examples` has been made.
Some extra packages like `gittools` are better served by installing with a tool like [aqua-proj](https://aquaproj.github.io/), [asdf-vm](https://asdf-vm.com), or other.
This should cut down setup times by grabbing binaries and not installing from source each time.

If you want to keep things exactly as they are:

- grab the mage directory that was removed (see `.examples/` directory) and drop it into your `magefiles` directory.
- Update your import in your main `magefile.go` from `github.com/sheldonhull/magefile` to `yourrepo/magefile/{package}` and then `mage -f` to force a rebuild and confirm it was found.
- Run `go mod tidy` to cleanup and you should be good.

This project has saved me a lot of effort across many repos, so I'm doing some due diligece in cleaning up little-used and difficult to test code.

### Docs

- Removed reference to starter templates, and instead pointed to [GitHub - sheldonhull/scripts-to-rule-them-all-go](https://github.com/sheldonhull/scripts-to-rule-them-all-go)

### Removed

- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `docker` package, and placed in `.examples`.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `licensing` package, and placed in `.examples`.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `retool` package, and placed in `.examples`.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `secrets` package, and placed in `.examples`.
  This is better served by [Trunk.io](trunk.io) or pre-commit tooling, than using with mage.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `gittools` package and placed in `.examples`.
  This would be better served by using [aqua-project](https://aquaproj.github.io/).
