# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).

## v1.0.0 - 2022-10-18

Breaking changes included.
Read the impact before upgrading, in case you are actually using one of these minimally imported packages.

If you are upgrading, this should be a very minor change in your magefiles set-up.

The removal of some packages to `.examples` has been made.
Some extra packages like `gittools` are better served by installing with a tool like [aqua-proj](https://aquaproj.github.io/), [asdf-vm](https://asdf-vm.com), or other.
This should cut down setup times by grabbing binaries and not installing from source each time.

If you want to keep things exactly as they are:

- grab the mage directory that was removed (see `.examples/` directory) and drop it into your `magefiles` directory.
- Update your import in your main `magefile.go` from `github.com/sheldonhull/magefile` to `yourrepo/magefile/{package}` and then `mage -f` to force a rebuild and confirm it was found.
- Run `go mod tidy` to cleanup and you should be good.

This project has saved me a lot of effort across many repos, so I'm doing some due diligece in cleaning up little-used and difficult to test code.

### Docs

- Removed reference to starter templates, and instead pointed to [GitHub - sheldonhull/scripts-to-rule-them-all-go](https://github.com/sheldonhull/scripts-to-rule-them-all-go)

### Removed

- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `docker` package, and placed in `.examples`.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `licensing` package, and placed in `.examples`.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `retool` package, and placed in `.examples`.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `secrets` package, and placed in `.examples`.
  This is better served by [Trunk.io](trunk.io) or pre-commit tooling, than using with mage.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `gittools` package and placed in `.examples`.
  This would be better served by using [aqua-project](https://aquaproj.github.io/).

## v0.0.14 - 2022-10-17

### Changed

- Disabled `licensing` module tests.
  It's too problematic with output when non-go code is found.
  This licensing module will likely be deprecated soon as well as better solutions out there with renovate, fossa, synk, and others.
- Resolved devcontainer configuration breaking with newer devcontainer configuration.
  Also improved handling of arguments, loading, and aqua initialization.
  This is is primarily impactful to any devcontainer based development, and not significant to any usage of the library itself.

### Deprecated

- Licensing package (no uses noted on github), gittools, docker.devcontainer commands.
  These all are not used or minimal impact.
  Once removed I'll bump the main version of the magetools to allow for better upgrade path and avoid impacting any current uses.

### Removed

- Removed much of the tooling for toolist that is non-critical.
  Most tools now use self resolving binary install so that initialization is not required.
  For other gopls VSCode handles, and Aqua is a great way to also install with a much faster processing time as it doesn't install from source, but instead uses binary release downloads.

### CI

- Improve changelog release output.
- Improve the testing to report codecoverage.

## v0.0.13 - 2022-10-13

### Added

- Added static check to install setup.

### Changed

- Improved gotestsum with `TESTSUM_FORMAT` environment variable that can be used to adjust the execution type.
- Bumped underlying mage to v1.14.0
- Gotools package now checks for existence of a binary such as goreleaser or golangci-lint before trying to install via source.
